# Call Your Mother
We communicate with many different people. Often urgent, day-to-day communications crowd out other important communications, such as reaching out to extended family members. Design and create an application that tracks who the users calls to a circle of people, and then presents the user with information or reminders that some contacts are being neglected. Some issues to consider are defining which contacts are part of the calling circle, what normal or acceptable calling patterns are, what happens when certain contacts haven’t been called recently?

The objective of this application is to keep the user in touch with their close circle of family and friends. The user will be allowed to choose five of their contacts and adjust settings based on how they want to be reminded to call those particular contacts. These settings include what time of the day would you like reminders or how often would the user would like to receive notification reminders. The application focuses on reminding the user to stay in touch with contacts they list as their close circle. Also, the application will have features like suggesting new people based on call log and user setting. 

The application will also focus on providing statistics about the calls you receive. For example, you will see how many times a person has called you over a period of time, how many times you have snoozed reminders to call them, or how many times you have missed a call from a particular contact. These statistics will allow the user to see which contacts he/she has failed to reach out to recently. The application will also provide a commitment score, a value that allows the user to see how well he/she is actively reaching out to their important contacts. 

Notifications will be a very important part of this application. For example, it will be used to remind the user when a particular contact has not been called recently. It is also very important that these notifications will immediately provide the user the option to call or text this particular contact. A snooze option will also be provided if the user is busy and cannot make the call at that moment. The notification will be sent again in the near future if the snooze option is hit but will never be seen again if the same notification is snoozed twice. 
